# EY Megatrends | EY - Global

**Source**: EY Megatrends
**URL**: https://www.ey.com/megatrends
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:30.654036
**Category**: future_trends

---

Skip to content
EY Logo
Insights
Services
Industries
Careers
About us
Search
My EY
Global
English
EY Megatrends

Embracing disruption: in a world where disruption is the only constant, businesses must adapt, or risk being left behind. Understanding emerging megatrends is critical for organizations aiming to shape their future with confidence.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

Be the first to know

Sign up now to receive notifications as new megatrend insights are released. Stay informed and prepared for the future. 

Sign up here
Featured Thinking
What if disruption isn't the challenge, but the chance?
Hanne Jesca Bax
26 Jun 2025
Unlock future-focused insights

Over the coming months, we will introduce a series of future-focused insights that will help business leaders navigate this increasingly nonlinear, accelerated, volatile and interconnected operating environment. Our analysis of emerging megatrends will empower organizations to:

Explore wide-ranging scenarios that could impact their industry.
Identify common threads that connect these trends.
Make informed, no-regret investments to thrive in multiple versions of an uncertain future.
“

Today's complex landscape demands that we rechart the course to success by capitalizing on disruption as a powerful force for innovation.

Hanne Jesca Bax
EY Global Vice Chair - Clients & Industries

A journey through disruption

Over the years, we have evolved our understanding of disruption and its transformative trends. Download our past reports to uncover how megatrends have evolved since 2016.

Megatrends 2016 (pdf)
Megatrends 2018 (pdf)
Megatrends 2020 (pdf)

Our latest thinking

How can reimagining risk prepare you for an unpredictable world?

The 2025 EY Global Risk Transformation Study explores how Risk Strategists see disruption earlier, adapt faster and respond with more precision.

10 Sep 2025 Scott McCowan + 2

The five habits of successful Geostrategists

All companies are shifting strategies to adapt to geopolitical risk. Here is how to invest more efficiently and strategically than your competitors. Read more.

11 Apr 2025 Courtney Rickert McCaffrey + 1

How will your decisions today shape the future for generations to come?

Discover how shifts in demographics and tech reshape priorities, urging new models for growth through innovative organizational strategies. Read more.

16 Jan 2025

How GenAI and complexity challenge assumptions and business models

GenAI is reshaping business landscapes; companies need to adapt their models and innovate to harness its full disruptive potential. Learn more.

05 Dec 2024 Alex Stock + 1

Rethink customer experience as human experience

Technology is defining customer experience but differentiation comes from connecting to what is essentially human. Read more on studio.ey.com.

01 Jul 2024 Laurence Buchanan + 1

How leaders can rethink human intelligence amid thinking machines

The era of hybrid intelligence is dawning. The actions you take will determine how this impacts your organization — and you. Learn more.

26 Jun 2024 Hanne Jesca Bax + 1
Previous
1
2
Next

Rethink and reimagine with EY wavespace™

EY wavespace™ immersive experiences help teams rethink business as usual, reimagine what’s possible and accelerate transformation to future proof their organizations. 

Find out more
The team
Show more
EY logo
Connect with us

Our locations
My EY
Site map
Legal and privacy
Open Facebook profile
Open X profile
Open LinkedIn profile
Open Youtube profile

EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.

Welcome to EY Global (EN)

Welcome to EY.com

In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, and Marketing/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties, allow us to execute marketing campaigns, manage our relationship with you, build a profile of your interests and provide you with content or service offerings in accordance with your preferences.




You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the cookie policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website in the ‘Legal and Privacy’ section.




Review our cookie policy for more information.

I decline optional cookies I accept all cookies
Customize cookies
Cookie settings
Please provide your consent for cookie usage on ey.com and the My EY platform. Select one or more of the cookie types listed below, and then save your selection(s). Refer to ‘Cookie Details’ for each cookie type for details on the cookies and their purpose.

Review our Cookie Policy for more information
Manage Consent Preferences
Required/Mandatory Cookies
Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookie details‎
Functional Cookies
 Functional Cookies

Functionality cookies, which allow us to enhance your experience (for example by remembering any settings you may have selected).

Cookie details‎
Marketing/Targeting Cookies
 Marketing/Targeting Cookies

Marketing/targeting cookies, which we use to track user activity and sessions so that we can deliver a more personalized service. Marketing cookies are set by third parties with whom we execute marketing campaigns and allow us to provide marketing relevant to you. If you identify yourself to us (e.g. filling out a form/signing up to receive email updates), EY collects information about your response to our marketing communications and your activity on this website. This information is added to your personal marketing profile and score which is used to measure campaign effectiveness and to provide content and offer services that are relevant for you.

Cookie details‎
Performance Cookies
 Performance Cookies

Performance cookies, which help us measure the website’s performance and improve your experience. In using performance cookies we do not store any personal data, and only use the information collected through these cookies in aggregated and anonymized form.

Cookie details‎
Cookie List

 
Clear
 checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg.Interest
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
Save My Selection
