# Jakarta office | Bain & Company

**Source**: Bain Indonesia
**URL**: https://www.bain.com/offices/jakarta/
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:24:33.987556
**Category**: business

---

Bain Office

Jakarta

Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 71
Sequis Tower, Level 19, Suite 3
Jakarta, 12190
Indonesia

Get directions
Contacts
Jakarta
Overview
 
Culture
 
Team
 
Careers
 
Recent Insights
 
Contacts
 

Bain Jakarta serves a diverse range of enterprises across industries such as energy, financial services, consumer products, retail, telecommunications, and private equity. As part of Bain Southeast Asia, our collaboration with teams in Bangkok, Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur, Manila, and Singapore amplifies our expertise. We proudly advocate for social impact and partner with organizations like Endeavour Indonesia, YCAB Ventures, and Yayasan Tangan Pengharapan to embark on pro-bono consulting initiatives and annual fundraising. At Bain Jakarta, we not only provide outstanding results for our clients, but make lasting differences in our communities. 

Our Culture

Strong relationships are the core of everything we do. We invest in our teams' camaraderie and well-being and consistently organize social events that bring us closer together. We're also committed to giving back to our local communities through philanthropic initiatives and partnering with nonprofit organizations to make meaningful differences.

Affinity Groups

We champion for diversity and inclusion and have made it a strategic priority at the firm. We deeply invest in ensuring that we hire the world's top talent and provide affinity groups, like Women at Bain, to help each other thrive in the fast-paced consulting environment.

Pro Bono

We are proud to have supported a number of non-profit organizations in their missions to make a positive impact on our world. We've been honored to support ASEAN Summit on the important topic of food security, worked with YKAN (Yayasan Konservasi Alam Nusantara), the Indonesian affiliate of TNC (The Nature Conservancy), to ensure they could continue their vital conservation work, and supported other non-profit foundations such as YCAB to make operational improvements, helping them to better serve their communities and achieve their goals.

Sustainability

We launched our Global Sustainability Innovation Center in Singapore in 2020 to support companies' efforts to walk their path toward sustainability, as part of our ambition to help Southeast Asia ensure sustainable energy, create healthy and sustainable food ecosystems, and establish greener and more connected cities as a region.

Community

Our community days have been a great way to make a difference and strengthen our relationships with the communities we serve. We've organized an English language learning program for underprivileged children, providing them with resources and guidance to help them improve their language skills. We've also developed a career workshop for new graduates and college students, providing them with valuable insights and skills to help them succeed in their careers.

Our Leadership Team
Venny Gunawan
Partner
Jakarta
Soegeng Wibowo
Partner
Jakarta
Dominik Utama
Partner
Jakarta
Dewa Pramayoga
Partner
Jakarta
SEE MORE
Careers

Our formula for success has been simple. Here, you'll find a high-impact, supportive culture where immensely talented people are encouraged to be brilliant at what they do.

Find your next role at Bain. Your future self will thank you.

CAREERS AT BAIN
Find a Role

Explore open roles in this office. 

Explore more 
Upcoming Events

Meet your future colleagues at a live or virtual event. 

Explore more 
Internships & Programs

Get a feel for life at Bain through one of our internships or programs. 

Explore more 
Videos
Sustainability
Asian Supply Chain Forum 2022
Inaugural Asian Supply Chain Forum 2022 co-organized by Singapore Economic Development Board and Bain’s Global Sustainability Innovation Center on 8th Sept.
Video
Agribusiness
Southeast Asia primed for investments to bridge sustainability opportunities
Bain & Company's Dale Hardcastle discusses the findings from the latest Southeast Asia's Green Economy report and the region's commitment to net-zero targets with CNBC's Sri Jegarajah on Street Signs Asia.
Video
Energy & Natural Resources
Southeast Asia’s Green Economy 2021: Opportunities on the Road to Net Zero
Bain's Dale Hardcastle and Gerry Mattios highlights SEA’s importance as part of the world’s Net Zero puzzle.
Video
Insights
Report
Empowering Biotech Innovation in Asia-Pacific
Asia-Pacific's emerging leadership and Singapore's strategic role in biotech are shaping the future of medicine.
Report
Article
NRF APAC 2025: Data Is Redefining Retail
No longer a mere optimizer, data has become a strategic driver.
Article
Report
Southeast Asia's Green Economy 2025 Report
Unlocking systems for growth and impact
Report
Article
Interview: Rajesh Garg, Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer, Landmark Group
“The first step is to make the Chief Financial Officer the Chief Sustainability Officer.”
Article
SEE MORE
Global Sustainability Innovation Center: Bringing Businesses on the Shortest Path to Sustainability Impact
Contacts
Jakarta office

Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 71
Sequis Tower, Level 19, Suite 3
Jakarta, 12190
Indonesia

Phone: +62 21 5085 7777
Business Contact

Soegeng Wibowo

Recruiting

SEA Recruiting

Local Media/Public Relations

SoutheastAsiaMarketing@bain.com

International and Corporate Media/Public Relations

Ann Lee

Phone: +65 6228 2960

Alumni

Alumni.Relations@Bain.com
