# Benedict Evans

**Source**: Benedict Evans
**URL**: https://www.ben-evans.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:28:00.737407
**Category**: future_trends

---

What matters in tech?
Stepping back from the noise, I try to work out what’s really happening, what matters, and what it might mean.
Essays
JUN 9, 2025
AI metrics

With every platform shift, we want to measure the growth but  we’re confused about what to measure. That’s partly a problem of data and definitions, but it’s really a question about what this is going to be. 

MAY 25, 2025
GenAI’s adoption puzzle

Generative AI chatbots might be a life-changing transformation in the nature of computing, that can replace all software, but so far, most of its users only pick it up every week or two, and far fewer have made it part of their lives. Is that a time problem or a product problem? 

MAR 14, 2025
What kind of disruption?

Software ate the world. Uber and Airbnb didn’t sell software - they disrupted and redefined markets. But what kind of disruption are we talking about ?

SHOW MORE
Newsletter
JULY 2025
What mattered in tech this week?
What happened in tech that mattered, and what did it mean? Once a week, I send an email newsletter to close to 200,000 people – I pick out the changes and ideas you don’t want to miss in all the noise, and give them context and analysis.
SUBSCRIBE
Presentations
MAY 2025
AI eats the world

Every year, I produce a big presentation exploring macro and strategic trends in the tech industry. For Spring 2025, ‘AI eats the world’.

FIND OUT MORE
Podcast
2025
