# The Blog of Author Tim Ferriss - Tim Ferriss is the author of five #1 New York Times bestsellers and host of The Tim Ferriss Show podcast.

**Source**: Tim Ferriss Blog
**URL**: https://tim.blog
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:41.803817
**Category**: future_trends

---

Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
{title}
{title}
{title}

My brand-new card game with Exploding Kittens is now a national bestseller! Learn more.

About
Blog
Books
Podcast
TV
FREE NEWSLETTER
Search Tim.blog
Search
Browse by topic:
30-Day Challenges (3)
4-Hour Case Studies (50)
Automation (7)
COCKPUNCH (7)
Comfort Challenges (4)
Dance (3)
E-mail Detox (23)
Entrepreneurship (62)
Fearless (2)
Filling the Void (96)
Gadgets (15)
Geoarbitrage (8)
Interviews (29)
Investing (19)
Language (16)
Low-Information Diet (42)
Marketing (54)
Mental Performance (42)
Mini-retirements (24)
Muse Examples (9)
Nonsense (5)
Opening the Kimono – OTK (3)
Outsourcing Life (17)
Physical Performance (50)
Practical Philosophy (39)
Presentations (3)
Protecting Time (14)
Psychedelics (18)
Quarterly Shipments (3)
Random (29)
Remote Offices (7)
Rockstar Living in… (5)
Rust and Iron (2)
Science (6)
The 4-Hour Body – 4HB (54)
The 4-Hour Chef – 4HC (39)
The 4-Hour Chef Recipes (1)
The Book – 4HWW (45)
The Slow-Carb Diet (5)
The Tim Ferriss Experiment – TFX (11)
The Tim Ferriss Show (783)
The Tim Ferriss Show Transcripts (583)
Tim Ferriss Book Club (6)
Tools of Titans (9)
Travel (67)
Tribe of Mentors (11)
Writing and Blogging (64)
4,000+ 5-Star Reviews, Top-10 Highlighted Book of All Time.
“A cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk.”
“The world’s best human guinea pig.”
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals
“The most surprising self-help hit of the decade.”
Tim Ferriss and Jimmy Fallon Do AcroYoga

Get Free Chapters of The 4-Hour Workweek, The 4-Hour Body, and The 4-Hour Chef. 

Email
The Tim Ferriss Show

The Tim Ferriss Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world, with more than one billion downloads. It has been selected for “Best of Apple Podcasts” three times. Each episode, I deconstruct world-class performers from eclectic areas (investing, sports, business, art, etc.) to extract the tactics, tools, and routines that listeners can use.

Listen on

Apple Podcasts

Listen on

Spotify

Watch and Listen on

YouTube

More 
Start here.
Featured interviews
Hugh Jackman

Best Decisions, Daily Routines, The 85% Rule, Favorite Exercises, Mind Training, and Much More

 Play Episode
Eric Schmidt

The Promises and Perils of AI, Profound Revolutions on the Horizon, and Exploring the Meaning of Life

 Play Episode
Jamie Foxx

Workout Routines, Success Habits, and Untold Hollywood Stories

 Play Episode
Jerry Seinfeld

A Comedy Legend’s Systems, Routines, and Methods for Success

 Play Episode
Naval Ravikant

On Happiness, Reducing Anxiety, and More

 Play Episode
Elizabeth Gilbert

How to Set Strong Boundaries, Overcome Purpose Anxiety, and Find Your Deep Inner Voice

 Play Episode
Jim Collins

A Rare Interview with a Reclusive Polymath

 Play Episode
Arnold Schwarzenegger

On Psychological Warfare (And Much More)

 Play Episode
Boyd Varty

The Lion Tracker’s Guide to Life

 Play Episode
Matthew McConaughey

The Power of “No, Thank You,” Key Life Lessons, 30+ Years of Diary Notes, and The Art of Catching Greenlights

 Play Episode
Terry Crews

How to Have, Do, and Be All You Want

 Play Episode
Seth Godin

On The Game of Life, The Value of Hacks, and Overcoming Anxiety

 Play Episode
Henry Shukman

Zen, Tools for Awakening, Ayahuasca vs. Meditation, Intro to Koans, and Using Wounds as the Doorway

 Play Episode
Martha Beck

The Amazing and Brutal Results of Zero Lies for 365 Days, How to Do a Beginner “Integrity Cleanse,” Lessons from Lion Trackers, and Novel Tactics for Reducing Anxiety

 Play Episode
Diana Chapman

How to Get Unstuck, Do “The Work,” Take Radical Responsibility, and Reduce Drama in Your Life

 Play Episode
Recent episodes
See All Episodes
September 30, 2025
James Nestor — Breathing Protocols to Reboot Your Health, Fix Your Sleep, and Boost Performance (#829)
 Play Episode
: James Nestor — Breathing Protocols to Reboot Your Health, Fix Your Sleep, and Boost Performance (#829)
September 24, 2025
David Senra — How Extreme Winners Think and Win: Lessons from 400+ of History’s Greatest Founders and Investors (Including Buffett, Munger, Rockefeller, Jobs, Ovitz, Zell, and Names You Don’t Know But Should) (#828)
 Play Episode
: David Senra — How Extreme Winners Think and Win: Lessons from 400+ of History’s Greatest Founders and Investors (Including Buffett, Munger, Rockefeller, Jobs, Ovitz, Zell, and Names You Don’t Know But Should) (#828)
September 16, 2025
Pablos Holman — One of the Scariest Hackers I’ve Ever Met (#827)
 Play Episode
: Pablos Holman — One of the Scariest Hackers I’ve Ever Met (#827)

New!

Coyote
A card game by Tim Ferriss and Exploding Kittens

COYOTE is an addictive card game of hilarity, high-fives, and havoc! You can learn it in minutes, and each game lasts around 10 minutes.

For ages 10 and up (though I’ve seen six-year-olds play) and three or more players, think of it as group rock, paper, scissors with many surprise twists, including the ability to sabotage other players. Viral videos of COYOTE have been watched more than 250 million times, and it’s just getting started.

Unleash your trickster spirit with a game that’s simple to learn, hard to master, and delightfully different every time you play. May the wit and wiles be with you!

Learn More
Explore more.
Recent blog posts
Read All Blog Posts
April 9, 2025
How to Heal the Anxious Self — David Whyte
Continue reading
: How to Heal the Anxious Self — David Whyte
 
February 20, 2025
For Less Anxiety and More Life, Treat Your To-Do List Like a Diner Menu
Continue reading
: For Less Anxiety and More Life, Treat Your To-Do List Like a Diner Menu
 
January 13, 2025
MY FIRST BOOK IN 7 YEARS (AND SOME BIG EXPERIMENTS)
Continue reading
: MY FIRST BOOK IN 7 YEARS (AND SOME BIG EXPERIMENTS)
 
Popular Tim Ferriss videos
How I Journal and Take Notes
Watch Video
How to Remember What You Read
Watch Video
How to Use Writing to Sharpen Your Thinking
Watch Video
Should You Specialize or Be a Generalist?
Watch Video
Life Is Short: How to Add a Sense of Urgency
Watch Video
How to Use Your Phone… So That It Doesn’t Use You
Watch Video
My Daily Practices and Habits to Fight Depression
Watch Video
About 
Tim Ferriss

Tim Ferriss has been listed as one of Fast Company’s “Most Innovative Business People.”

He is an early-stage technology investor/advisor (Uber, Facebook, Shopify, Duolingo, Alibaba, and 50+ others).

He’s the author of five #1 New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestsellers, including The 4-Hour Workweek and Tools of Titans: The Tactics, Routines, and Habits of Billionaires, Icons, and World-Class Performers.

The Observer and other media have called Tim “the Oprah of audio,” due to the influence of The Tim Ferriss Show podcast, which is the first business/interview podcast to exceed 100 million downloads. It has now exceeded one billion downloads.

Read more

“The Superman
of Silicon Valley.”

Tim Ferriss and Jimmy Fallon Do AcroYoga

An early-stage technology investor/advisor
 (Uber, Facebook, Shopify, Duolingo, Alibaba, and 50+ others).

“A cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk.”

Why you should define your fears instead of your goals

Tim Ferriss’ TED Talks

4,000+ 5-Star Reviews, Top-10 Most Highlighted Book of All Time
Books by Tim Ferriss

The 4-Hour Workweek

Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich

The 4-Hour Body

An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman

The 4-Hour Chef

The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro, Learning Anything, and Living the Good Life

Tools Of Titans

The Tactics, Routines, and Habits of Billionaires, Icons, and World-Class Performers

Tribe Of Mentors

Short Life Advice from the Best in the World

Download free chapters from The 4-Hour Workweek, the #1 New York Times bestseller.
Free chapters of The 4-Hour Workweek,
The 4-Hour Body, and The 4-Hour Chef.
5-Bullet Friday – books, gadgets, and weekly productivity tips and tricks.
Email

Copyright © 2007–2025 Tim Ferriss. All rights reserved.
THE 4-HOUR® is a registered trademark of Tim Ferriss.

Proudly powered by WordPress / Hosted by Pressable.

X
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
 
Facebook
 
LinkedIn
 
TikTok
About
Tim Ferriss
Contact
Corrections
Causes
Media Kit and Samples
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Books
The 4-Hour Workweek
The 4-Hour Body
The 4-Hour Chef
Tools of Titans
Tribe of Mentors
Podcast
Popular Clips
Podcast Sponsors
The Random Show
Meditation Monday

This site is an Amazon Associate, and purchases through Amazon links may earn an affiliate commission.

Manage consent
