# News + Updates — MIT Media Lab

**Source**: MIT Media Lab
**URL**: https://www.media.mit.edu
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:28:46.662482
**Category**: future_trends

---

Imagine what we can become.
News + Updates
Research
About
Support the Media Lab
MAS Graduate Program
People
Events
Videos
Member Portal
For Press + Media
Welcome to the MIT Media Lab, HCLTech

We’re happy to welcome HCLTech as the newest member of the MIT Media Lab—joining a global network of organizations working together to shap…

Oct. 7, 2025
in External Relations
#artificial intelligence
AI, Wearable Tech Helping Treat Women's Health Issues

Canan Dagdeviren on how WHx, AI, and wearable tech are advancing early, personalized care and closing gaps in women’s health.

via Bloomberg Businessweek · Oct. 2, 2025
in Conformable Decoders · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body · WHx
#artificial intelligence #health #sensors +4 more
From Lab to Industry: MIT Media Lab and Honeywell Explore the Future of Technology

Honeywell + MIT Media Lab unite to shape future tech, merging academic insight with industry in AI, aviation, energy, and more.

Sept. 24, 2025
in External Relations · Responsive Environments · Signal Kinetics +2 more
Scientists focus on genetically engineering mice to cut Lyme disease transmission

MIT Media Lab’s Kevin Esvelt leads a community-driven effort on Nantucket to engineer Lyme-immune mice and stop the disease at its source

via 60 Minutes · Sept. 22, 2025
in Sculpting Evolution · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body
#genetics
MIT Media Lab in the News

Explore stories about the Media Lab from global news outlets.

Nov. 20, 2024
Wearable Tech to Improve Women's Health Research

MIT’s Rosalind Picard: Wearables can revolutionize women’s health, yet today’s devices reflect just a fraction of the potential.

via Bloomberg Businessweek YouTube · Sept. 12, 2025
in Affective Computing · WHx
#wearable computing #sensors #sleep +3 more
In Nature World View article, Professor Danielle Wood calls for continued support of NASA’s Earth Observation satellites

NASA’s Earth-observation satellite programs, Professor Wood writes, are vital to understanding and protecting the environment.

Aug. 26, 2025
in Space Enabled · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
Fall 2025 Media Arts and Sciences Course List

Classes offered by the Program in Media Arts and Sciences for the Fall 2025 semester

Aug. 5, 2025
MIT Media Lab welcomes Mitsubishi Electric as consortium member

The MIT Media Lab is pleased to welcome Mitsubishi Electric Corporation as a new member of our global consortium.

Aug. 12, 2025
in Communications · Director's Office · External Relations
Jessica Rosenworcel Named Executive Director of the MIT Media Lab

Jessica Rosenworcel, former FCC Chairwoman, joins the MIT Media Lab as Executive Director, bringing bold vision and civic-minded leadership.

Aug. 4, 2025
in Director's Office
Dr. Karrie Karahalios Joins MIT Media Lab as Professor of Media Arts + Sciences

Dr. Karrie Karahalios returns to the MIT Media Lab as Professor, advancing AI that’s transparent, equitable, and people-centered.

June 30, 2025
in Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI
MIT Media Lab Appoints Dr. Pat Pataranutaporn as Assistant Professor of Media Arts and Sciences

Pioneering researcher joins the MIT faculty to explore the future of human flourishing with technology.

July 7, 2025
in Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity · Cyborg Psychology
#artificial intelligence
Future of Space Exploration

Danielle Wood on Future of Space Exploration on Bloomberg’s The Close.

via Bloomberg Television · July 11, 2025
in Space Enabled · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#space #technology #sustainability
A bionic knee integrated into tissue can restore natural movement

In a small clinical study, users of this prosthesis navigated more easily and said the limb felt more like part of their body.

via MIT News · July 10, 2025
in Biomechatronics · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body
#biomechanics #prosthetics #bionics +1 more
In Memoriam: Barry Lloyd Vercoe (1937–2025)

Visionary Computer Music Pioneer, Composer, and Founding Faculty Member of the MIT Media Lab

July 1, 2025
in Hundred-Dollar Laptop · Program in Media Arts and Sciences · Music, Mind and Machine +1 more
CNN: AI's Effects On The Brain

Study: Using AI Could Cost You Brainpower

via CNN · June 20, 2025
in Fluid Interfaces
#human-computer interaction #artificial intelligence
Five Media Lab Students named 2025 MIT Presidential Fellows

Congratulations to the five fellowship recipients!

June 24, 2025
in Tangible Media · Responsive Environments · Personal Robots +2 more
WHx

WHx Program: Unlocking Women's Health through Transformative Technologies

#artificial intelligence #economy #health +10 more
We Are Going to the Moon – But This Time, to Stay: A panel at Dell Technologies World featuring MIT Media Lab

A panel from MIT Media Lab and Dell highlights a lunar mission using AI and XR to advance human-centered, sustainable space exploration.

June 5, 2025
in Space Exploration Initiative · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#virtual reality #artificial intelligence #human-machine interaction +1 more
“Design a future so beautiful that history itself has to stop to take a breath.” — Dr. Dava Newman inspires 2025 LCAD graduates

Dr. Dava Newman challenged graduates to merge creativity with purpose, science with soul, and design with direction.

May 29, 2025
in Director's Office
Congratulations to everyone graduating in 2025!

We're so proud of everything you've accomplished here, and can't wait to see what you do next!

May 16, 2025
Support the Media Lab

We believe that together, we can play an important role in helping people realize a better and more just future for themselves and for all.

Corporate membership
Foundations
Alumni + friends
Dr. Minoo Rathnasabapathy selected for 2025 Karman Fellowship Program

Dr. Minoo Rathnasabapathy has been named a 2025 Karman Fellow for her leadership in space sustainability and climate innovation.

May 15, 2025
in Director's Office · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#space
Deploying a practical solution to space debris

Researchers share the design and implementation of an incentive-based Space Sustainability Rating.

via MIT News · May 14, 2025
in Space Enabled · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#design #developing countries #environment +6 more
Andres Rico receives MIT Martin Family Society for Sustainability Fellowship

PhD student Andres Rico selected as a 2024 Martin Fellow for his work on community-based sensing for water management in cities.

May 7, 2025
in City Science · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#developing countries #urban planning #sensors +4 more
Inaugural Morningside Academy for Design Professorships named

MIT MAD has established new professorships and appointed three MIT faculty to advance design education across disciplines.

via MIT News · May 12, 2025
in Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity · Critical Matter
#design
FRONTLINE Launches Youth Civic Voices Initiative

A new collab with the MIT Center for Constructive Communication empowers young people to shape the future of journalism and civic dialogue

April 30, 2025
in MIT Center for Constructive Communication · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Media Lab Research Theme: Decentralized Society
#artificial intelligence #civic technology #kids +3 more
Welcoming MARA to the MIT Media Lab Community

We are pleased to welcome MARA, a leading energy technology company advancing the world's energy systems, as a new Member Organization.

May 27, 2025
in Director's Office · External Relations · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds +1 more
#cryptocurrency #energy #member company +2 more
Early methods for studying affective use and emotional wellbeing in ChatGPT: An OpenAI and MIT Media Lab Research collaboration

Editor’s Note: This blog was written jointly with OpenAI and the MIT Media Lab. It also appears here. 

March 21, 2025
in Fluid Interfaces · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · AHA: Advancing Humans with AI
Cynthia Breazeal named 2024 AAAS Fellow

She is recognized for her distinguished contributions in the field of artificial intelligence education.

March 27, 2025
in Personal Robots · RAISE
#artificial intelligence #learning + teaching #social robotics
TeleAbsence: Poetic encounters with the past

MIT researchers lay out design principles behind the TeleAbsence vision and how it could help people cope with loss

via MIT News · May 2, 2025
in Tangible Media · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity
#virtual reality #augmented reality #communications +2 more
Wearable device tracks individual cells in the bloodstream in real time

The technology, which achieves single-cell resolution, could help in continuous, noninvasive patient assessment to guide medical treatments.

via MIT News · April 23, 2025
in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek
#bioengineering #wearable computing #sensors +8 more
Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI

Life with AI | Designing the future of smart systems to improve the human experience

#robotics #design #social networks +151 more
Personal Robots research on front cover of Science Robotics March 2025 issue

The March 2025 cover story for Science Robotics highlights a recent study conducted by researchers in the Media Lab’s Personal Robots group.

March 19, 2025
in Personal Robots · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#robotics #human-machine interaction #kids +2 more
Prof. Deblina Sarkar receives Bochorer Best award for her achievements in science and technology

The award ceremony honored ten individuals shaping contemporary Bengali society.

Dec. 20, 2024
in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek
New platform lets anyone rapidly prototype large, sturdy interactive structures

The system uses reconfigurable electromechanical building blocks to create structural electronics.

via MIT News · March 18, 2025
in Tangible Media
#robotics #design #human-computer interaction +1 more
Industry Membership

Imagine what we can co-create.Every day, we collaborate with global leaders to spark creativity and shape the future. Through groundbreakin…

Oct. 2, 2024
in External Relations
Engineers enable a drone to determine its position in the dark and indoors

A new low-power system using radio frequency waves takes a major step toward autonomous, indoor drone navigation.

via MIT News · Feb. 13, 2025
in Signal Kinetics · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#robotics #consumer electronics #sensors +2 more
Pattie Maes receives ACM SIGCHI Lifetime Research Award

This award is given to individuals whose research in human-computer interaction is considered both fundamental and influential.

Feb. 26, 2025
in Fluid Interfaces
#human-computer interaction #artificial intelligence #health +2 more
New training approach could help AI agents perform better in uncertain conditions

Sometimes, it might be better to train a robot in an environment that’s different from the one where it will be deployed.

via MIT News · Jan. 29, 2025
in Personal Robots · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI
#robotics #artificial intelligence #gaming +4 more
Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity

Cultivating Creativity | Catalyzing a global movement enabling everyone to unlock and unleash their individual and collective creativity

#robotics #design #social networks +136 more
Meet the 2025 LEGO Papert Fellows

Congratulations to the recipients of this year's fellowship!

March 12, 2025
in Lifelong Kindergarten · Tangible Media · Responsive Environments
From The Wall Street Journal: AI Has Shown Me My Future. Here’s What I’ve Learned.

The tool is the brainchild of a team that includes MIT Media Lab postdoctorate Pat Pataranutaporn, who studies AI systems that help people f

via The Wall Street Journal · Feb. 3, 2025
in Fluid Interfaces
#artificial intelligence
Enhancing the Privacy of a Digital Pound

Gabriela Torres Vives, et al. "Enhancing the Privacy of a Digital Pound." Bank of England and MIT Digital Currency Initiative, December 2024

Academic Paper, Dec. 2024
in Digital Currency Initiative (DCI) · Media Lab Research Theme: Decentralized Society
#banking and finance #privacy #technology +2 more
Mitchel Resnick receives 2025 SIGCSE Award for Outstanding Contribution to Computer Science Education

This award honors an individual or group in recognition of a significant contribution to computer science education.

March 5, 2025
in Lifelong Kindergarten · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity
#learning + teaching #computer science
A Bionic Leg Controlled by the Brain

Hugh Herr pioneers brain-controlled prosthetics, merging tech and biology to restore mobility and enhance human potential beyond limits.

via The New Yorker · Dec. 9, 2024
in Biomechatronics
#robotics #prosthetics
Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body

Connected Mind + Body | Revolutionizing the future of mental and physical wellbeing

#robotics #design #social networks +134 more
A model of virtuosity

Acclaimed keyboardist Jordan Rudess’s collaboration with the Media Lab culminates in live improvisation between an AI “jam_bot” + the artist

via MIT News · Nov. 19, 2024
in Responsive Environments · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity
#human-computer interaction #art #artificial intelligence +2 more
Tiny, wireless antennas use light to monitor cellular communication

As part of a biosensing device without wires, the antennas could help researchers decode intricate electrical signals sent by cells.

via MIT News · Dec. 20, 2024
in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body
#bioengineering #biotechnology #electrical engineering +4 more
Empowering the Next Generation of Innovators

This video series features our current students, offering glimpses into their backgrounds, their research, and the passions behind the work

Aug. 28, 2024
in Development · Human Dynamics · Conformable Decoders +1 more
#artificial intelligence #privacy #security +2 more
Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds

Future Worlds | Design and action for the future we want to live in

#robotics #design #social networks +146 more
“Wearable” devices for cells

These devices could help scientists probe subcellular regions of the brain, and might even help restore some brain function.

via MIT News · Oct. 31, 2024
in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body
#bioengineering #wearable computing #sensors +8 more
New AI tool generates realistic satellite images of future flooding

The method could help communities visualize and prepare for approaching storms.

via MIT News · Nov. 25, 2024
in Director's Office · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#artificial intelligence #environment #visualization
Behnaz Farahi joins MIT Media Lab Media Arts + Sciences Program as Assistant Professor, Transformative Design

Behnaz Farahi joins the MIT Media Lab's Program in Media Arts and Sciences (MAS) as Assistant Professor, Transformative…

June 24, 2024
in Program in Media Arts and Sciences · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity · Critical Matter
#design #architecture #fashion +1 more
Media Lab Research Theme: Decentralized Society

Decentralized Society | Architecting the new internet for the good of the people

#robotics #design #social networks +91 more
Research Group Overviews

Learn more about all of the research groups, centers, and initiatives at the MIT Media Lab.

Oct. 18, 2023
in Communications · Director's Office · Development
Earth observation technology trends for climate intelligence

As climate-related disasters become more frequent, the need for actionable climate intelligence has never been greater.  Earth Observa…

in Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
Dava Newman · Minoo Rathnasabapathy
#data #environment #space +3 more
Member Collaboration Story—At World Mental Health Day, Samsung + MIT Media Lab Highlight Sleep’s Impact on Mental Health

In honor of World Mental Health Day, Samsung is emphasizing its collaboration with the MIT Media Lab to explore the mind-body connection, a…

Oct. 10, 2024
in Affective Computing · Fluid Interfaces
#health #mental health #sleep +1 more
Paul Liang joins MIT Media Lab Media Arts + Science Program + EECS/Schwarzman College of Computing as Asst. Professor, AI + Human Experience

Paul Liang joins the MIT Media Lab's Program in Media Arts and Sciences (MAS) and MIT Schwarzman College of Computing with a shar…

June 24, 2024
in Program in Media Arts and Sciences · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Multisensory Intelligence
#virtual reality #human-computer interaction #artificial intelligence +2 more
Study evaluates impacts of summer heat in U.S. prison environments

MIT researchers identify facility-level factors that could worsen heat impacts for incarcerated people.

via MIT News · Sept. 24, 2024
in Space Enabled · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds
#environment #health #public health +2 more
Media Lab Community Awards and Recognitions

View recent awards and recognitions received by members of the Media Lab community in the modules attached here.

Jan. 1, 2023
News + Updates
Research
About
Support the Media Lab
MAS Graduate Program
People
Events
Videos
Member Portal
For Press + Media
More ways to explore
Videos
Publications
Job Opportunities
Contact

Massachusetts Institute of Technology
School of Architecture + Planning

Accessibility
Donate to the Lab
