# Home - Domain Language

**Source**: DDD Community
**URL**: https://www.domainlanguage.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:03.408082
**Category**: dev_code

---

Read Eric’s Blog …

Articles »

Next Event …

Strategic Design for Software Teams with Eric Evans

October 20-21, 2025 | Berlin

This class, led by Eric Evans, will provide Development Leaders, Architects, and Technical Managers with the mindset and tools to make meaningful design decisions in complex, multi-team environments.

Details and registration »

The organizer of KanDDDinsky 2025 recently interviewed Eric about this upcoming class and Strategic Design in general. Watch here …

About Domain Language

We are a small consultancy focused on Domain-Driven Design (DDD) and led by Eric Evans, who wrote the first book on DDD. Our current focus is on helping organizations thoughtfully integrate AI technologies like LLMs into domain-rich systems while preserving the design integrity that delivers business value.

 
Check out DDD eLearn!
Our video-based course on Domain-Driven Design (DDD) is just over 5 hours of tightly edited video.  This self-guided course focuses on the deep concepts of DDD, explained by Eric Evans, author of the original book on DDD, Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software, 2004.  It is targeted primarily at architects, senior developers, and others responsible for shaping a software system’s design.  Individual subscriptions or Enterprise Bundles are available.

More about DDD eLearn  »

 
Training Opportunities in 2025
 eLearn ~ our video-based course on Domain-Driven Design (DDD), is a self-guided course and focuses on the deep concepts of DDD. Enroll here.
Training ~ At the moment, we are not offering any services.  However, our training partners may have availibility.  Please contact us so we can introduce you!

Subscribe to our newsletter here.
