# Newest Questions - Stack Overflow

**Source**: Stack Overflow
**URL**: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:26:36.074818
**Category**: dev_code

---

Newest Questions
Ask Question
24,197,486 questions
Newest
Active
Bountied 15
Unanswered
More
 Filter
0
votes
0
answers
4
views
Flutter with USB Debugging not detected
my android device is not detected when running flutter via USB debugging I'm learning Flutter using VS Code and want to debug via USB to an Android phone. I've enabled developer mode and USB debugging,...
 androidflutterdartwebmobile
davidofel
1
asked 2 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
4
views
Setting Mudblazor's MudNavLink underline property is not working as expected
I have a project I created, a .NET MAUI Blazor Hybrid and Web App. I followed the procedure to install Mudblazor found here: https://www.mudblazor.com/getting-started/installation#manual-install I ...
blazormudblazor
Maurice Marinus
1
asked 4 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
6
views
How does Firebase In-App Messaging decide which campaign to show when multiple are eligible?
I’m using Firebase In-App Messaging (FIAM) and I have multiple active campaigns that can all trigger under similar conditions (for example, multiple messages using on_foreground or screen_view events)....
 firebasefirebase-in-app-messaging
Sandeep
1
asked 5 mins ago
-2
votes
0
answers
20
views
Error: TypeError: 'coroutine' object is not subscriptable [closed]
Code: total_deposit = transaction.filter(type='deposit').aaggregate(total=Sum('amount'))['total'] or 0 total_transfer = transaction.filter(type='transfer').aaggregate(total=Sum('amount'))['total'] or ...
pythondjango
Christopher Lewis
1
asked 17 mins ago
-2
votes
0
answers
12
views
Best Practices for a Large Next.js App's Structure & Performance [closed]
I have developed a large-scale corporate website using Next.js 13+ with the App Router. The project has grown significantly, and I'm looking for feedback on how to improve it, focusing on long-term ...
reactjsnext.jspagespeed-insightsnextjs14web-performance
Arjun Bhatt
1
asked 18 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
7
views
Angular Reactive Form still includes empty values in form.value even after applying validators
I'm using angular 20 with Reactive forms. Even after applying Validators.required to some controls, the form still includes empty string ("") or Null values when I log or submit form. I have ...
validationangular-reactive-formsangular-formsangular-formbuilderangular20
Shantanu Patil
1
asked 20 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
8
views
How do I crop my image in .jsx so that my image is not 'cut off'
I have an image with the dimensions: 8192 X 12288 px. I want to crop the image into these dimensions: 5400 x 7200 px. Result 1 - In Photoshop, using the crop tool, it does it like so (left image). It ...
jsxphotoshop-script
Timothy yeoh
3
asked 20 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
9
views
Spotify iOS SDK Playback connection
I have built a music app in flutter that integrates spotify iOS SDK for playback control but everytime I play a song, it needs spotify already playing a song in the background to be able to play a ...
 iosspotifyplayback
Anne Nduati
61
asked 26 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
6
views
Resizing Issues in React Native App on iPad with iOS 26, with Multitasking settings enabled
The React Native app does not allow resizing below a certain width and height on iPad running iOS 26. I have enabled “Windowed Apps” in the Multitasking settings. To confirm that this is not an issue ...
 iosreact-nativeios26
Arun D
2,387
asked 26 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
11
views
How can i implement apple sign in in kmp
I have been trying to implement apple sign in in kmp for the past few hours and it kept hanging on apple's screen after choosing an account and entering a password. My implementation is basically the ...
kotlinkotlin-multiplatformapple-sign-in
Jossephus Tuemay
1
asked 31 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
9
views
HiveServer2 fails to start — no listener on port 10000 (Docker Hadoop-Hive setup)
I am running a multi-container Hadoop and Hive setup using Docker Compose (Hadoop 2.7.4 + Hive 2.3.2 + PostgreSQL metastore + Hue UI). All services start successfully, but HiveServer2 never listens on ...
dockerhadoopdocker-composehivehue
user31562336
7
asked 32 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
12
views
Azure Hybrid AKS Cluster creation via REST API fails with “object provided is unrecognized (must be of type HybridAKSCluster)”
I’m trying to create a Hybrid AKS cluster using the Azure REST API, so that it can be managed directly from the Azure portal. I’m following the official Microsoft guide here: Create Kubernetes ...
 jsonazureazure-aks
keerthi-vasan-k
7
asked 40 mins ago
0
votes
0
answers
9
views
Is there a way to limit or define which classes are included in a Jar in IntelliJ?
I am trying to build custom JavaFX components using IntelliJ and Scene Builder. I have created an Application, demo fxml page, and demo controller for my custom component. I have realized that it ...
mavenintellij-ideajavafxjarartifact
fawfulsPikminArmy
11
asked 43 mins ago
-2
votes
0
answers
12
views
Communications link failure when connecting Java (JDBC) to local MySQL database [closed]
Estoy tratando de conectar mi aplicación Java con una base de datos MySQL local, pero siempre obtengo este error: com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.CommunicationsException: Communications link failure Ya ...
javamysqljdbc
JEFFERSON FRANCISCO ABAC LEMUS
1
asked 44 mins ago
0
votes
1
answer
25
views
How do I make the same button play AND pause the video with jquery?
I'm trying to make a button that plays the video when paused, and pauses when playing. I can make it pause, but I want the same button to play when paused. BONUS: How can I also make the text change ...
htmljquerybuttoncontrolshtml5-video
Shayl
9
asked 55 mins ago


15
30
50
per page
1
2
3
4
5
…
1613166
Next
