# Resort - Arma Museum & Resort

**Source**: ARMA Museum
**URL**: https://www.armabali.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:25:09.547458
**Category**: events

---

MENU
BOOK YOUR STAY
Welcome to ARMA Museum & Resort

Poised on six hectare of exquisite Balinese gardens, the design of Museum and Resort is seamlessly reflecting the Arma philosophy of balance between man and environment. Arma is more than a Museum or Resort. It blends tradition in Art, Culture, Architecture and a sophisticated lifestyle.

Embedded in a lush Balinese gardens the ARMA Resort provides you with an elegant, tranquil and serene environment. Book now and get special prices from us.

VIEW ALL ROOMS

It's About You. It's About the View.

Expect the Extraordinary at ARMA Museum & Resort

ARMA Resort


Immerse yourself in the embrace of nature's serenity, where the stars are your canopy and the forest is your playground.

BOOK YOUR STAY

Wisma Seni Superior Room
ARMA Resort has added new rooms built within the premises, this new room elegantly designed in Balinese Architectural cottage style set within in a unique natural landscape. The...
DETAILS ROOM

ARMA Resort Superior Room
Elegantly designed in Balinese Architectural cottage style set in a unique natural landscape. Superior rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a private veranda with antique day bed and...
DETAILS ROOM

Arma Resort Deluxe Room
Elegantly designed in Balinese Architectural cottage style set within in a unique natural landscape. Our Deluxe rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a private veranda with table and...
DETAILS ROOM

VIEW ALL ROOMS

Packages
Honeymoon Packages

Accommodation at ARMA Villa
Honeymoon amenities (flower arrangement, rose petals, 1 bottle of local wine)
Welcome drink upon arrival
Balinese tropical fruit arrangement in the room on arrival
Complimentary daily mineral water...

LEARN MORE
Wedding Packages

Your dedicated wedding planner will be with you every step of the way, Ensuring every details of your special day is taken care of to perfection. They will get to know you on a personal level, Anticipate your need and help with important decision. In addition, we have designed exclusive wedding package to make it easy to plan and arrange your special day...

LEARN MORE
Meeting Packages

The island of Bali in Indonesia has long been recognized for its many traditional art forms. Music and dance in particular have been celebrated for their contributions to world heritage. Originally these art forms were an outgrowth of the native Hindu religion. They were designed as offerings before the central Godhead to celebrate the grace of the human form. International appreciation for Balinese dance and music became the basis for much of the tourist interest in Bali...

LEARN MORE
Balinese Costume Packages

Typical material of Balinese wedding costume is songket with Golden threads layers, the color of the material is normally bright colors like blue, yellow, orange or red which represent happiness and celebration. The luxurious Songket also shown how wealthy the family and how high the level of the caste is. Other than the dress, the groom wears some kind of head cover that tight to the head while the bride wears some kind of crown with golden decorations...

LEARN MORE
Visit Our Museum

Agung Rai Museum of Art (ARMA) was established for a purpose. Founded by Agung Rai.

VIEW DETAILS


ARMA Museum & Resort
Jalan Raya Pengosekan Ubud, Bali Indonesia

Tel: (62 361) 976 659
Reservations: info@armabali.com
BOOK NOW

ABOUT ARMA
MUSEUM
RESORT
SPA AT ARMA
PACKAGES
GALLERY
SHOP
ARMA RESORT
Wisma Seni
Superior Room
Deluxe Room
Suite Room
Superior Villa
Suite Villa
Family Villa
ARMA MUSEUM
Collection
Cultural Workshops
Performances
CONNECT WITH US!
About ARMA
Location
News & Promos
Contact Us
