# NOW! Bali Magazine | Discover Life on the Island

**Source**: Now Bali
**URL**: https://www.nowbali.co.id
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:25:33.694581
**Category**: lifestyle

---

NEWS
EVENTS
FEATURES
EXPLORE BALI
CULTURE
RESTO & BARS
LIFESTYLE
OFFERS
PODCAST
An Insider's Guide to Life on the Island. Subscribe NOW!
'Is Bali Hindu?' Part Two: A Collective Identity
Rosé the Day Away with Sundara's New Pink Brunch
Bai Yun at The Apurva Kempinski Bali Presents Its First Hot Pot Festival
Catur Desa: Guardians of the Forest and Lakes

On the morning of 20 October 2025, around ten thousand villagers will set out on a 25-kilometre walk in procession from the cooling mists of Tamblingan, the mountainous lake in central Bali, down to the

Pre-Order The Oberoi Beach Resort, Bali’s Christmas Panettone Traditional Milan

The Christmas holidays might still be a few months away, but that doesn’t mean you can’t prepare for the most anticipated season of the year early. This upcoming festive season, The Oberoi Beach Resort, Bali

The Ramayana-Inspired Design of Ayodya Resort Bali
NEWS & EVENTS
EVENT
COMO Journey: Taste of the Land
NEWS
Celebrate with Blanc de Blancs, A New Release by Two Islands Wines
EVENT
IKATAN by Hastosa: A Fashion Photography Exhibition at Bumi Kinar
NEWS
Amarterra Villas Resort Bali Nusa Dua Celebrated Autograph Moment on Tilem Day
EVENT
Road to Give Bali 2025
NEWS
5th DAESANG Eat & Travel Film Festival Successfully Held in Bali with Partnered Restaurants
NEWS
Is Your Company ESG Compliant?
EVENT
Factory Fusion Festival 2025
NOW! BALI PODCAST

Bringing you the richness of Balinese culture, heritage and history through this specially curated audio experience, NOW! Bali aims to create a deeper appreciation on why Bali is a truly unique destination not only in Indonesia, but in the world.

Browse Episodes Here
DISCOVER BALI
DESTINATIONS
Catur Desa: Guardians of the Forest and Lakes
On the morning of 20 October 2025, around ten thousand villagers will set out on a 25-kilometre walk in procession from the cooling mists of Tamblingan, the mountainous lake in central Bali, down to the north coast. This grand procession is a ceremony observed once every two years by the joint community of Catur Desa,
ACTIVITIES
Jungle Cart Bali: A Real-Life Mario Kart Adventure
CULTURAL SITES
Pura Gunung Lebah: The Origins of Ubud
PARKS AND ATTRACTIONS
Embark On a Fun-Filled Family Excursion at Bali Zoo
BALI LATEST DEALS
More Deals
DINING OFFERS
Pre-Order The Oberoi Beach Resort, Bali’s Christmas Panettone Traditional Milan
DINING OFFERS
Art on a Board: An Afternoon Tea Experience at Chesa Canggu
DINING OFFERS
Nusa Dua in Harmony: A Night of Melody and Wastra
EXPERIENCE OFFERS
Experience a Culinary and Wellness Journey at The Kayon Resort Ubud
EXPERIENCE OFFERS
Conrad Bali Launches Immersive Signature 1/3/5 Experiences
STAY OFFERS
Grand Hyatt Bali’s Club & Suites Indulgence Offer Promises Timeless Island Luxury
EXPERIENCE OFFERS
Discover East Bali: Amed Snorkelling Tour with Best Bali Adventures
STAY OFFERS
Embark on a Flavourful Getaway with Fairfield by Marriott Bali Legian’s Savor & Stay Offer
CULTURE & FEATURES
CULTURE
3 Balinese Myths and Mysteries to Scare You on Halloween
CULTURE
Lontar: Bali’s Palm-Leaf Manuscripts
CEREMONIES & FESTIVALS
Ngaben: The Balinese Cremation Ceremony
CEREMONIES & FESTIVALS
Understanding Hari Saraswati, Bali’s Day of Knowledge
DINE & DRINK
DINING NEWS
Rosé the Day Away with Sundara’s New Pink Brunch

A new Sunday experience unfolds on the Jimbaran Beachfront as Sundara Bali presents their ‘Pink Brunch’, inspired by the delicate tones of Whispering Angel Rosé. From seasonal dishes to specially-crafted cocktails, pink hues take over the indulgent weekend experience, with every delight served at the table, from seafood platters to fresh salads and succulent steaks.

Bai Yun at The Apurva Kempinski Bali Presents...
Savour Intimate Afternoon Tea Delights at Layang Layang...
COMO Uma Canggu Appoints Colin McSherry as New...
Atambah Bali Does Oktoberfest: Nine Days of Beer,...
DISCOVER MORE
GUIDES
New Restaurants in Bali 2025: Latest Openings [Updated]

The island’s world-class food and beverage scene continues to grow and innovate, adding to the already fantastic variety of venues in which to eat, drink and enjoy. Brand new venues – be it a late-night speakeasy, the latest fine-dining destination or a comfy new café – are still popping up across Bali and herewith we

Best Places to Experience Afternoon Tea in Bali
Discover Four Bountiful Brunches in Nusa Dua
Restaurant Hopping: Kuta Edition
Restaurant Hopping: Seminyak Edition
DISCOVER MORE
REVIEWS
Nari Ubud: Wood-fired Flavours and Valley Views

Perched above Ubud’s most iconic temple, Pura Gunung Lebah, overlooking the Campuhan Valley, this stylish restaurant strips back the distractions and lets the cultural surroundings do all the talking. Complemented by a menu of bold, wood-fired flavours and delicate cocktails, Nari Ubud welcomes diners and imbibers day and night. If the Campuhan Valley is the

Introducing Legian Steak Project: An Enticing Modern Steakhouse...
Journey Through the Flavours of Nusantara at Roso...
Spice by Blake: Indonesian Flavours Get a Tasty...
Fire, flavour and Fine Wines at Hidden Gem...
DISCOVER MORE
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER TO GET THE LATEST UPDATES. SUBSCRIBE

Jalan Pengubengan Kauh No.99 Kerobokan Kelod,
Kuta Utara, Bali

Phone: +62 811 380 850 / +62 811 399 0072
Fax: +62 361 823 6722

Categories
News
Events
Features
Explore Bali
Culture
Resto & Bars
Lifestyle
Offers
Podcast
Contact
About Us
Subscribe
Network
NOW! BALI PODCAST
NOW! JAKARTA
MVB INDONESIA
© 2025 Phoenix Communications. All Rights Reserved. Developed by Gaia Digital Agency
Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEWSLETTER


First Name  *
Last Name *
Contact Email *
Country *
