# KPMG Indonesia - KPMG Indonesia

**Source**: KPMG Indonesia
**URL**: https://home.kpmg/id/en/home.html
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:24:33.011062
**Category**: business

---

Investing in Indonesia - 2025 edition

General guide to investing and doing business in Indonesia.

Read now 
Accounting News Flash

What’s in the Horizon?

PSAK 118 in a Lens

Redefining clarity and comparability of financial statements presentation

Transparency Report 2024

Driving trust through quality

Are you ready?

Which standards are mandatory for your financial year?

Indonesian Financial Accounting Standards ("SAK Indonesia")

SAK Indonesia: An overview

Illustrative disclosures

Guide to annual financial statements - December 2024

Trust, attitudes and use of artificial intelligence: A global study 2025

Empowering human-AI collaboration for a trusted future.

Industries

Consumer Markets

Our experience allows us to provide services to a wide range of organizations.

Industrial Markets

We help companies understand the implications of business and technological risks.

Energy & Natural Resources

Shifting regulation, customer demands, and technologies are transforming the energy sector

Financial Services

Financial services remains focus on regulations and cost reduction.

Telecom

Communications infrastructure is an important element of an effective economy

Infrastructure

Our Global Infrastructure practice knows what it takes to make the right strategic choices

All Industries
Services

Audit and Assurance

Financial statement audits give assurance over information used by investors and the capital markets.

Tax

Taxes must be viewed as a dynamic cost item rather than as a passive charge on profits.

Advisory

KPMG advisory team works with the world's leading organizations to create and protect the sustainable value of their business.

All Services
