# Home - Calico

**Source**: Calico Labs
**URL**: https://www.calicolabs.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:29:04.943118
**Category**: future_trends

---

We are tackling aging…

One of life’s greatest mysteries

What is the underlying biology that determines how fast an organism ages?

What if we could better understand how we age?

How can we help people live longer, healthier lives?

Challenging questions like these brought us to science.

And today, they are helping us develop potential new interventions.

It’s no secret. Life at Calico is about science. And science is our life.

skip introskip intro
REPLAY

Calico Announces U.S. FDA Fast Track Designation for Investigational Treatment of Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease

Calico Collaboration with Broad Marks 10 Year Milestone

Research collaboration sheds new light on the relationship between genetics, diet, health and longevity

Calico Life Sciences Announces that Fosigotifator (ABBV-CLS-7262) for Vanishing White Matter Disease has been Selected for the FDA START Pilot Program

"History is replete with examples of breakthroughs occurring when curious people are given the freedom to operate and create when embedded in a nurturing culture and a ‘healthy’ questioning environment."
Arthur D. Levinson, Ph.D.
Founder & CEO
View slide 1
View slide 2
View slide 3
View slide 4
View slide 5
We are different by design
Think big. Explore broadly. Collaborate constantly.

Our mission is said simply, yet it is quite ambitious. We are working to better understand the biology that controls aging and lifespan… and we are using the knowledge we gain to discover and develop interventions that enable people to lead longer and healthier lives.

We are not a traditional biotechnology company, nor are we an academic institution. We have combined the best parts of both without the constraints of either.

We are asking difficult questions about how we age and the diseases associated with the aging process. To find answers requires a long-term perspective, a relentless focus on understanding the basic biology of aging, utilizing and inventing state-of-the-art technology, enlisting advanced computing capabilities and nurturing a culture and values that guide the big and small decisions we make every day.

Our progress is charted in high-quality publications, our many collaborations and the expanding pipeline of early- and clinical-stage compounds that target diseases commonly linked with aging.

Learn about us
See how we are using science and technology to understand the biology of aging
Join us
Explore exciting job opportunities and find out if there is one that fits for you
Partner with us
Find out about how we partner with academia and other biopharmaceutical companies

"Aging is like a snowball exponentially growing and gaining momentum as it rolls down a hill. Can we delay its start or reduce its speed? We believe the answer to these questions will be found in systems biology."

Eugene Melamud, Ph.D.
Principal Investigator

Featured Story

April 15, 2020
The experiment that started it all

In 1993, aging science was barely a field of study. Many scientists believed that aging “just happened.” Since aging happens after reproduction, the thinking went, genes for…

READ STORY
SEE MORE STORIES
