# What to know today... | MIT AgeLab

**Source**: MIT AgeLab
**URL**: https://agelab.mit.edu
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:29:01.541511
**Category**: future_trends

---

What to know today...
TRANSPORTATION

The Wall Street Journal Profiles AGNES, the AgeLab's Aging Simulator

September 18, 2025

Read 

 
What is the MIT AgeLab?

 Learn More 

CAREGIVING & WELL-BEING

Using co-design to learn about family caregivers

August 13, 2025

read 

Caregiving & Well-Being Caregiving & Well-Being Expand section 
Explore 

The AgeLab's research in health, wellbeing, and caregiving integrates health awareness, new technologies, and novel approaches to behavior modification.

CAREGIVING & WELL-BEING

AgeLab Researchers Travel to Sweden for HCII 2025

July 7, 2025

read 

CAREGIVING & WELL-BEING

Understanding the Psychological Health Effects of Combining Work and Parenta...

April 16, 2024

read 

Home Logistics & Services Home Logistics & Services Expand section 
Explore 

The home is more than simply a place to live. It is a platform to engage with new technologies and services, and enable a better life tomorrow.

HOME LOGISTICS & SERVICES

Home, not just a place to live, but a platform of connectivity and care

January 6, 2025

read 

HOME LOGISTICS & SERVICES

2023 GSA Annual Scientific Meeting Features AgeLab Research on Caregiving, U...

December 7, 2023

read 

Retirement & Longevity Planning Retirement & Longevity Planning Expand section 
Explore 

As people are living longer, retirement planning as we know it is being replaced by longevity planning, a concept that requires holistic thinking from the individual, family and societal perspectives.

RETIREMENT

Sheng-Hung Lee, MIT AgeLab and MechE Ph.D.’s “Longevity Planning Blocks” Ask...

August 27, 2025

read 

RETIREMENT

Is your business strategy missing the gorilla?

May 21, 2024

read 

Transportation & Livable Communities Transportation & Livable Communities Expand section 
Explore 

Transportation is critical to everyday life. More than simply getting from point A to point B, transportation is the key to independence, freedom and meaningful engagement for people of all ages.

TRANSPORTATION

Samantha Haus Presents at TRB on Effects of Electric Cars, Assistance System...

January 30, 2024

read 

TRANSPORTATION

AGNES Appears at 2024 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas

February 5, 2024

read 

 
The Longevity Economy

AgeLab Director Joseph F. Coughlin's new book: The Longevity Economy Unlocking the World's Fastest-Growing, Most Misunderstood Market.

BUY THIS BOOK LEARN MORE
