# Thinking at IDEO - Insight, innovation, & a healthy dose of play

**Source**: IDEO Blog
**URL**: https://www.ideo.com/blog
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:28:46.716896
**Category**: future_trends

---

Customize your settings

We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We may also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads, and analyze site traffic. Depending on your location, you may opt-in or opt out of the use of these technologies, and your configured settings will be carried over to all IDEO.com subdomain websites. Read more https://ideo.com/privacy

Strictly Necessary
On
These are cookies and services that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Sites.
Marketing
Off
These cookies and services record your visit to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site more relevant to your interests, but also to ensure that we are aligning our Site in the best way with our target visitors. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Analytics
Off
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Sites when they are using them. This helps us to improve the way our Sites work, for example, by ensuring that Users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functional
Off
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Save
Accept only strictly necessary
Accept all
Privacy Policy
Manage your consent preferences
We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We may also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads, and analyze site traffic. Depending on your location, you may opt-in or opt out of the use of these technologies, and your configured settings will be carried over to all IDEO.com subdomain websites. Read more https://ideo.com/privacy
Accept only strictly necessary
Accept all
Customize
Privacy Policy
Welcome to IDEO's blog, your portal into the things we’re making, the ideas we’re kicking around, and the hypotheses we’re testing. From the most ethereal tech experiments in EDGES to the terra firma of business innovation, we invite you to join the conversation.
LATEST ARTICLES
EXPLORE THE EDGES
FAVORITE SERIES
BOOKS
TOOLS
Our Latest Articles
Words By Keren Ruth Wong & Visuals By Brittany Rivera
Inside Hydefy’s fungi-based future of fashion

A conversation on sustainable luxury, desirable circularity, and designing for scale.

Words By Juho Parviainen & Visuals By Brittany Rivera
IKEA’s “Kitchen of the Future,” 10 years later

What we got right—and wrong—about our culinary vision for 2025.

Words By Kristen Boer, Sam Schulman, And Shannon Vossler & Visuals By Manuela Santos Gutierrez
Strategy only works if it sticks

Three tips for embedding it in your company’s DNA.

Words By Francesca Wang & Visuals By Alpher Xian
Nurturing the early sparks of innovation

How to move beyond past benchmarks to secure future potential.

Words By Jennifer Lo & Visuals By Beth Holzer
The “used future” trap

Five techniques for avoiding outdated visions of tomorrow.

Words By Matt Hovde And Diana Tobey & Visuals By Brian Standeford
How to design rewarding loyalty programs

Turn them into a game customers love playing.

Words By Kaii Tu
Creating space for innovation

How one R&D team made room for design thinking—without blowing up their traditional development process.

Words By Betsy Smith And Visuals By David Duff
To improve the NHS, we must look beyond it

Four ways design can help unburden the service that means so much to us.

Words By Savannah Kunovsky And Dan Read & Visuals By Kavya Singh Barthwal And Zahin Ali
“What is AI doing to us?”

And five other spicy takeaways from Signals of TEDAI San Francisco

Words By Chuli Duan & Visuals By Alpher Xian
Breaking down silos with human-centered design

How our Shanghai hub helped unite client teams around one goal.

Explore More
Modalities of Search
What are we really looking for?
An LLM Mediated Manifesto
AI is getting emotional. Is this supposed to save the digital economy?
Our favorite series
Gen Z + AI
Is Gen Z ready to embrace AI? It’s complicated.

Lessons from young people on AI’s thin line between productivity and interference.

Gen Z + AI
Gen Z to AI: Don’t Kill My Creative Vibe

3 Principles to design AI creative tools Gen Zs will actually want to use.

Gen Z + AI
Will AI Interfere with Relationships? Gen Z Thinks So.

Forget bots. Young people want to augment human relationships.

Stretch
The Illusion of Knowing Everything

To understand people’s needs, we must stretch beyond data.

Stretch
How AI Can Help Us Solve the Climate Crisis

From talking jeans to Nature boardrooms, we’re stretching to meet the future.

Stretch
Can Failure Be and Feel Productive?

It doesn’t pay to cling to a bad idea.

Net-Zero
“You’ve Just Got to Get Started”

The conversation that fueled IDEO’s path towards Net Zero

Net-Zero
Our First Step Toward Net Zero: Estimating IDEO's Carbon Footprint

The imperfect science of carbon emissions accounting. Learn more from IDEO and how your company can get started too.

Net-Zero
Removing IDEO’s Emissions With Voluntary Carbon Offsets

“Genuine question: are offsets a useful thing?”

Get updates from IDEO
FIRST NAME*
LAST NAME*
EMAIL*
COMPANY
LATEST ARTICLES
EXPLORE THE EDGES
FAVORITE SERIES
BOOKS
TOOLS
Browse our Books
Words By Marta Cuciurean-Zapan And Rachel Young & Visuals By Juan Astasio Soriano
A New Edition of the Little Book of Design Research Ethics

Updating the principles that guide our work.

Words By David Kelley & The IDEO Editors
IDEO Founder David Kelley Shares Design Lessons from the Stanford d.school

A new collection of guide books to help us peer into the collective future.

Change By Design

Tim Brown, CEO of IDEO, shows how the techniques and strategies of design belong at every level of business.

The Little Book of Design Research Ethics

For human-centered designers, there is nothing more valuable than discovering what matters to people—what triggers frustration and what provides ease, what brings grief and what sparks joy.

Creative Confidence

David Kelley, IDEO founder and Stanford d.school creator, and his brother Tom Kelley, IDEO partner and the author of the best-selling The Art of Innovation, have written a powerful and compelling book on unleashing the creativity that lies within each and every one of us.

Words By Tom Kelley
The Ten Faces of Innovation

IDEO Partner Tom Kelley shares IDEO's strategies for driving creativity and overcoming devil's advocates within an organization.

Make Use of Tools
Words By Savannah Kunovsky, Evan Burton, And Esha Reddy
A Legal and Ethical Framework For Gen AI

Paving the way for experimentation that aligns with our values.

Tools
Experience Innovation: A Workshop for Teams

ExperienceInnovation is a workshop in innovation, giving teams meaningful experience with design thinking.

Tools
Design Thinking in Harvard Business Review

Tim Brown writes about how thinking like a designer can transform the way we do business.

Words By Alice Kogan & Simon Heather
6 ways to design value into your membership model

Earning loyalty depends on delivering one of two types of value

Words By Saige Perry
10 Exercises to Build Your Creative Confidence

Activities to help you approach challenges from a new perspective

AI & Ethics: Collaborative Activities for Designers

IDEO’s AI Ethics Cards are a tool to help guide an ethically responsible, culturally considerate, and humanistic approach to designing with data.

Tools
Perspectives, Practices, and Resources for Design Thinking

At IDEO, we’re often asked to share what we know about design thinking. We’ve developed designthinking.ideo.com in response to that request.

Tools and Insights for Enhancing the Lives of Older Adults

The Design on Aging booklets give entrepreneurs and organizations tools for designing human-centered products and services for older adults.

Tools
Designing a Circular Economy

What if we had a new way to design products, services, and businesses that were good for people, the planet, and business?

Tools
Designing for Public Services

Designing for Public Services is a toolkit for policymakers and those who deliver public services, developed in collaboration with Nesta, a U.K. innovation charity, and Design for Europe, a design and innovation program co-funded by the European Commission.

The Teachers Guild: Creating New Solutions for Students and Schools

The Teachers Guild is a professional community that activates teachers’ creativity to solve the biggest challenges in education today. While learning and doing design thinking, teachers build their creative muscles and connect to diverse partner organizations that are committed to bringing their solutions to life.

Tools
Design Thinking for Libraries

Design Thinking for Libraries is an approach to improving libraries through creative problem-solving.

Tools
OpenIDEO: A Platform to Harness Collaboration for Social Good

OpenIDEO is an open innovation platform where people from all corners of the world collaboratively tackle some of the toughest global issues through launching Challenges, programs, and other tailored experiences.

Design Kit: The Human-Centered Design Toolkit

In 2009, IDEO designed and launched the HCD Toolkit, a first-of-its-kind book that laid out how and why human-centered design can impact the social sector. In short order, a community of designers, entrepreneurs, and social sector innovators embraced it, buying and downloading over 150,000 copies.

Tools
Nature Cards

Nature Cards are a collection of cards featuring strategies from the natural world that inspire us with a new mindset as we approach design challenges.

Contact Us >
About
Work
Leaders
DEIB
Offers
Thinking
Careers
China
Do not sell my personal information
Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
CA User Rights
UK Modern Slavery Statement
Our family
IDEO U
IDEO.org
© 2025 IDEO
