# IDC.com - Research - Overview

**Source**: IDC Research
**URL**: https://www.idc.com/research
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:30.303327
**Category**: future_trends

---

Identify opportunities and make informed decisions

More than 1,300 analyst experts around the world provide timely, unique insights into global, regional, and local tech trends and buying behavior.

Get in touch
Defining, sizing, and guiding the market

IDC’s research subscription products provide tech supplier and tech buyer clients with market intelligence that stands apart. Every year, we survey more than 300,000 tech buyers to understand buying intentions and inform our research.

Chief Research Officer Meredith Whalen talks about IDC’s differentiators.
Play video
iiAR Analyst Firm of the Year

Recognized for broad industry and geographic coverage, analyst expertise, ease to work with, and value for five consecutive years.

Learn more
Which research is right for you?

Explore our research subscription offerings for tech suppliers, buyers, and watchers.

Technology markets
Technology markets

Critical insight into tech buyer budgets, investment commitments, and implementation plans.

Explore
Digital business
Digital business

Organizations are adopting digital-first strategies to meet business goals and generate sustainable growth.

Explore
Industry
Industry

Our industry analysts advise on digital business strategies for 30+ industry segments.

Explore
Tech buyer
Tech buyer

IDC’s research advisory services, learning and development programs, and metrics offerings support technology leaders.

Explore
Emerging vendor
Emerging vendor

Research offerings that meet the unique needs and challenges of emerging and disruptive tech vendors.

Explore
Investment research
Investment research

Comprehensive research tailored to the financial services community that helps facilitate effective investment decisions.

Explore
More about our research
The most trusted approach to ICT market analysis
Research methodologies
The most trusted approach to ICT market analysis

Distinctive standards that align to tech supplier and tech buyer decision making.

Learn more
Extensive portfolio of continuous research and data intelligence
Subscription services
Extensive portfolio of continuous research and data intelligence

A global suite of services led by tenured market and technology experts.

Search services
Our research analysts engage directly with clients
Analyst team
Our research analysts engage directly with clients

IDC’s analyst inquiry model offers clients direct access to research analysts.

Meet analysts
Want to learn more about IDC’s research?

Fill out the form and a member of our team will be in touch.
