# BuzzSumo | Media Mentions In Minutes. Content Ideas For Days.

**Source**: BuzzSumo
**URL**: https://buzzsumo.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:30:01.017121
**Category**: social

---

Be inspired. Stay informed.

See how much interest brands and content generate in the wild.

Start Your Free Trial
What BuzzSumo can do for you
Outreach
Discovery
Research
Monitoring
Chrome Ext.
Influencers
API
From ideas to coverage
Find and connect with 700K journalists
Pitch only active journalists, with 330K monthly profile updates
Spot high-impact journalists with social engagement data
Get 2x more niche topic results than any other database
Write relevant pitches, faster with our AI pitching tool 
Discover, pitch, outreach, and report all in one place

Tell Me More

slide 2 of 4
Founder & CEO, SparkToro Rand Fishkin
“I can search for terms/phrases and quickly identify content that’s performing well in a niche or with an audience.”
Founder, Connective3 David White
“Whatever technology you have fuelling the engine of BuzzSumo seems to be better than most others. It can pick up new links a lot quicker than other link index tools or manual searches. For us, that’s absolutely crucial.”

Read More
Co-Founder, Story & Search Kostas Petrou
“I fell in love with BuzzSumo. It was the missing link I’d been looking for. I use it religiously, every single day. The result we’re aiming for is top tier press coverage – not just UK, but global coverage – across some of the largest publications in the world, and BuzzSumo is absolutely pivotal to us achieving that. Without BuzzSumo, we would struggle.”

Read More
Content Marketing Consultant, Erika Heald Marketing Erika Heald
“What I love is that I’m able to use data, thanks to BuzzSumo, to help people gain a lot better understanding of who their audience is, and where they’re actually engaging with content.”

Read More
Can you put a price on
quality data?
knowing first?
efficiency?
originality?
brilliance?
creativity?

The answer is: Yes. And with BuzzSumo it’s a steal! We’ve got payment options for all budgets, and a 20% cost saving on annual plans.

Pay annually and save 20%
slide 1 to 4 of 4

Content Creation

For marketers and marketing agencies wanting to take their content to the next level.

$199 /mo

1 User
Unlimited Searches
2 Alerts
Start Trial

Content Creation includes…

Content Analyzer
Trending Feeds
Question Analyzer

PR & Comms

For agencies needing to monitor coverage, research and outreach to journalists, and track trends.

$299 /mo

5 Users
Unlimited Searches
5 Alerts
Start Trial

Everything in Content Creation, plus…

Media Database & Outreach
Coverage Reports
Slack Integration

Suite
Most Popular

Ideal for the entire marketing team in large brands and agencies.

$499 /mo

10 Users
Unlimited Searches
10 Alerts
Start Trial

Everything in PR & Comms, plus…

YouTube Analyzer
Advanced Chrome Extension
Article Uploads

Enterprise

No-holds-barred access. Everything household-name brands and agencies need.

$999 /mo

30 Users
Unlimited Searches
50 Alerts
Start Trial

Everything in Suite, plus…

RSS Feed
Granular Location Search
Early Access To New Features
View All Pricing Plans
Why users love BuzzSumo

We’re too modest to brag . . . So we’ll let our customers do it for us.

CASE STUDY

Rise at Seven

Read Case Study

CASE STUDY

theCLIKK

Read Case Study

CASE STUDY

Connective3

Read Case Study
Featured content

DIGITAL PR

Why Relevance Should Be Your #1 Focus For PR Link Building

Read Blog

BUZZSUMO TOOLS

How To Use BuzzSumo: 15 Things You Can Do In 30 Days

Read Blog

CONTENT MARKETING

100m Articles Analyzed: What You Need To Write The Best Headlines

Read Blog
Start Your Free Trial

No credit card. No commitment. Just a LOT of inspiration.

Start Now
