# Gojek Super App

**Source**: Gojek
**URL**: https://www.gojek.com
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:05.292177
**Category**: transport

---

Home

Partner with us

GoCorp
Careers

Company

Products
Blog
Help

EN

Gojek: Your solutions for removing life’s daily frictions
Explore Careers

Consumers’ Choice Food Delivery Company (Bisnis Indonesia Logistics Awards 2024)

"Public's Favorite Online Transportation App" and "Best Online Transportion App That Support Public Transport Integration" at the 2024 Jakarta Transportation Council Awards

Integrated Public Transport with PT KCI - "Best Organizational CX Gold" and "Best CX Champion Gold" (Contact Center World Awards)

The first company in Southeast Asia to make it to Fortune’s “Change the World” list twice

GoGreener feature for a greener Indonesia - Enabled the planting of more than 200k trees in 2024, absorbing 14,938.48 tCO2e

Our scale
Scale with us
Operational Area

Operations in Indonesia and Singapore

3.1 million+

driver-partners

20.1 million+

Merchants within the GoTo ecosystem

Join the ride
Join the GoTroops!

Unlock your talent and join us to strengthen the digital economy

Become an employee
Be a Gojek Driver

We’re home to 3.1 million+ driver partners. Enjoy flexibility, sustainable income and a variety of exclusive benefit programs for Gojek driver partners

Become a driver-partner
Merchant partners

We empower 20.1 million+ merchants within the GoTo ecosystem with leading technology that helps them grow their businesses.

Become a merchant
Perks of being in good company
Parental insurance

Subsidised health support for your parents.

Wellness benefits

We share the bills - health, mobile, internet and more.

Fly for work & fun

Explore new offices, cultures, and a thousand islands!

Free counselling

We talk about mental health. This one’s for you and your family.

We deliver innovations to help you navigate the day more easily, in any circumstances
Transport and Logistics

Food and Groceries

Business Solutions

View all products
Good to Go? Download the Gojek app today!
App store
Play store

Company

About
Products
Blog

Join with us

Driver Partners
Merchant Partners

Careers

Student
Professional

Get in touch

Help Center
Our Location

Connect with Us

Download the app

Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Data Attribution
Cookie Settings
Indonesia
English

© 2023 Gojek | Gojek is a trademark of PT GoTo Gojek Tokopedia Tbk. Registered in the Directorate General of Intellectual Property of the Republic of Indonesia.

We value your Privacy

This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see ourCookie Policy

Manage Cookies Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.)
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Performance Cookies
 Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Functional Cookies
 Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Targeting Cookies
 Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

Back

Clear
 checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg.Interest
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices
