# Libraries.io - security & maintenance data for open source software

**Source**: Libraries.io
**URL**: https://libraries.io
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:26:26.897654
**Category**: dev_code

---

Big news! Sonar has entered a definitive agreement to acquire Tidelift!
Login 
Welcome to Libraries.io
Search

Libraries.io monitors 10,316,358 open source packages across 32 different package managers.

Login
What is Libraries.io?

Libraries.io is a free service that collects publicly available open source package information scraped from the internet. With it you can search 9.96M packages by license, language, or explore new, trending, or popular packages.

Login
API Documentation
The Tidelift Subscription: for more complete and accurate package data

Data available via Libraries.io is scraped from the internet and not validated, corrected, or curated for accuracy. If you are looking to make important decisions about open source usage and management, consider our paid offering: The Tidelift Subscription.

The Tidelift Subscription provides a curated source of open source package data backed by Tidelift and our maintainer partners, who are paid to ensure their projects follow enterprise-grade secure software development practices, now and into the future.

The Tidelift Subscription provides deeper, more meaningful insights that allow you to evaluate latent risk indicators such as package maintenance and end-of-life status, evaluating code contributors and security measures such as two-factor-authentication to eliminate malicious code injections, and more.



Libraries.io vs. The Tidelift Subscription

The table below provides a deeper comparison of the differences between Libraries.io and the Tidelift Subscription.

	Libraries.io	Tidelift
Package metadata	Read from package and source repository metadata, not validated for accuracy	Extensive and human-validated for accuracy
Paying maintainers to implement secure development practices and provide attestations (examples: 2FA status, security policy, and more)	Not included	Extensive data about practices and attestations made available only to customers
License data	Read from package metadata, not validated for accuracy	Analyzed, and manually validated for accuracy, also including normalized SPDX expression
Dependency insights	Limited insights only, not validated for accuracy	Extensive and human-validated for accuracy, and including dependency graph relationships
Vulnerability insights	Not included	CVE data ingested from multiple sources and mapped to specific versions, plus maintainer CVE reviews for impact, workarounds, and false positive identification
Maintenance status, including deprecation, end-of-life, and package rename insights	Not included	Extensive and human-validated for accuracy
Release and usage recommendations	Not included	Extensive and human-validated for accuracy
API access	Limited and rate restricted	Robust set of APIs, enterprise support and SLA, and rate customizable
New package(s) assessment SLA	Not included	Package assessment SLAs included with Tidelift Subscription
Supported Package Managers
 npm
5.23M Packages
 Maven
733K Packages
 PyPI
704K Packages
 Go
673K Packages
 NuGet
591K Packages
 Packagist
468K Packages
 Cargo
210K Packages
 Rubygems
192K Packages
 CocoaPods
103K Packages
 Pub
70.9K Packages
 Bower
67.6K Packages
 CPAN
41.9K Packages
 CRAN
29.2K Packages
 Clojars
24.2K Packages
 conda
19.6K Packages
 Hex
18.9K Packages
 Hackage
18.5K Packages
 Meteor
13.3K Packages
 Homebrew
10.2K Packages
 Puppet
6.92K Packages
 Carthage
4.76K Packages
 SwiftPM
4.21K Packages
 Elm
3.07K Packages
 Julia
3.03K Packages
 Dub
2.96K Packages
 Racket
2.87K Packages
 Nimble
2.63K Packages
 Haxelib
1.7K Packages
 PureScript
820 Packages
 Alcatraz
452 Packages
 Inqlude
228 Packages



Package manager not listed above? Consider adding support for it.

Libraries.io helps you find new open source packages, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.

   


Copyright © 2025 SourceSource SA
Code is Open Source under AGPLv3 license
Data is available under CC-BY-SA 4.0 license

Explore
Platforms
Languages
Licenses
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
API
Sonar Products
SonarQube for IDE
SonarQube Server
SonarQube Cloud
SonarQube Advanced Security
Pricing
Sonar Resources
About
Blog
Product demos
Events hub
Customer stories
Learn
