# OWASP Foundation, the Open Source Foundation for Application Security | OWASP Foundation

**Source**: OWASP
**URL**: https://owasp.org
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:08.858821
**Category**: dev_code

---

Explore the world
of cyber security

Driven by volunteers, OWASP resources are accessible for everyone.

 

Are you an OWASP Member?

The 2025 Elections are around the corner! Do you want a say in how OWASP is run? Please join or renew your membership today!

More details

OWASP Certified Secure Software Developer

Shruti Kulkarni, October 3, 2025

To develop applications we need code. To write code we need developers. And to develop secure applications, developers need to write code that does not result in or have vulnerabilities.

OWASP is about application security - be it web application, mobile application, applications developed with low-code-no-code, infrastructure-as-code, etc.

OWASP is currently working on a new initiative to create a certification program for developers. It is named OWASP Certified Secure-Software Developer - OCSD.

This certification is aimed to help developers to showcase their skills in writing secure code.

...read more

Upcoming at OWASP
Quick access to our highlighted
flagship resources
See all flagship resources(15)
documentation
Cheat Sheets
List of crucial app security information
→
documentation
WSTG
Testing resource for web application and security professionals
→
code
CRS
Dominant Web Application Firewall rule set for ModSecurity and compatible WAFs
→
Have an idea for a project?
Take advantage of our resources and
let it grow with OWASP.
Start a project
Recent OWASP News & Opinions
GSoC 2025 Recap, October 1, 2025
OWASP Top 10 Community Survey, September 26, 2025
OWASP Elections 2025 - Become a member today!, September 3, 2025
Help Support Sherif Mansour by donating blood today!, August 20, 2025
Upcoming Conferences
OWASP Global AppSec USA 2025 - Washington, DC, November 3-7, 2025
OWASP Global AppSec EU 2026 - Vienna, June 22-26, 2026
OWASP Global AppSec USA 2026 - San Francisco, CA, November 2-6, 2026
Edit on GitHub
