# AI Tech - Cutting-Edge AI News & Research
# Category: AI Technology, Machine Learning, LLMs, AI Products
# Update Frequency: Daily
# Last Updated: 2025-10-25

# === RESEARCH LABS & COMPANIES ===

# OpenAI - GPT, ChatGPT, O1, DALL-E updates
https://openai.com/news/

# Anthropic - Claude AI updates and research
https://www.anthropic.com/news

# Google DeepMind - AI research and breakthroughs
https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/

# Google AI Blog - Research and products
https://blog.google/technology/ai/

# Meta AI - Llama models and research
https://ai.meta.com/blog/

# Microsoft AI - Azure AI, Copilot updates
https://blogs.microsoft.com/ai/

# NVIDIA AI - GPU computing, AI infrastructure
https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/category/deep-learning/

# Stability AI - Stable Diffusion updates
https://stability.ai/news


# === TECH MEDIA & ANALYSIS ===

# TechCrunch AI - Latest AI startup news
https://techcrunch.com/category/artificial-intelligence/

# VentureBeat AI - Enterprise AI coverage
https://venturebeat.com/category/ai/

# MIT Technology Review AI - Deep analysis
https://www.technologyreview.com/topic/artificial-intelligence/

# The Verge AI - Consumer AI products
https://www.theverge.com/ai-artificial-intelligence

# Ars Technica AI - Technical deep dives
https://arstechnica.com/tag/artificial-intelligence/

# WIRED AI - AI ethics and society
https://www.wired.com/tag/artificial-intelligence/


# === COMMUNITY & RESEARCH ===

# Hugging Face Blog - Open source AI models
https://huggingface.co/blog

# Papers with Code - Latest ML papers
https://paperswithcode.com/

# The Batch by Andrew Ng - Weekly AI insights
https://www.deeplearning.ai/the-batch/

# AI News - Aggregated AI updates
https://www.artificialintelligence-news.com/


# === SPECIALIZED SOURCES ===

# LangChain Blog - LLM applications
https://blog.langchain.dev/

# Weights & Biases - MLOps and AI tools
https://wandb.ai/site/articles

# Scale AI Blog - AI data infrastructure
https://scale.com/blog

# AssemblyAI - Speech AI updates
https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/
