# Welcome to RSM Indonesia | RSM Indonesia

**Source**: RSM Indonesia
**URL**: https://www.rsm.global/indonesia
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:25:43.711769
**Category**: tax

---

Empowering you to move forward with confidence
Rachel

One of the
RSM team
About RSM

RSM is a leading audit, tax and consulting adviser to mid-market business leaders, globally. As an integrated team, we empower our people and clients to grow with confidence.

Countries

We have firms in 120 countries and are in each of the top 40 major business centres throughout the world.

People

We have combined staff of over 65,000+.

Offices

We have over 900 offices across the Americas, Europe, MENA, Africa and Asia Pacific.

Wake Up Call
Client Alert
RSM Indonesia has been Certified as a Great Place to Work for the Second Consecutive Year
Event

More details

Careers
We’re always looking for new faces who can broaden our scope and expertise. 

Could you be one of them?

Find yo​​​​​​​ur place at RSM

Connect with us
Alumni

Alumni will receive updated news, events and information related to RSM Indonesia.

Sign up
Client Care

It is our desire to always provide you with a high-quality service to meet your needs.

Raise your concerns here
Contact Us

For new and existing clients, and general enquiries, please get in touch with our team of experts.

How can we help?

Global highlights:

Global highlights:
RSM global revenue hits $10bn as demand from middle-market drives growth
RSM, the leading provider of assurance, tax and consulting services to middle-market businesses, has today announced worldwide revenues of US$10 billion for the 12 months to December 2024.

Find out more

Newsletter
Sign up to our blog or one of our newsletters for advice, news and changes in the world of audit, tax and consulting.
Subscribe here
