# Welcome | Playwright

**Source**: Playwright Blog
**URL**: https://playwright.dev/community/welcome
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:10.748980
**Category**: dev_code

---

Welcome
Welcome

Welcome to the Playwright Community. We are so glad to have you here. In our community section take a look at our videos section to see videos on conference talks, live streams, feature videos and release videos.

Ambassadors​

Check out our Ambassador page to the see the awesome people creating Playwright content and sharing it with the community.

GitHub​

We love stars so make sure you star us on GitHub.

Please create an issue for the following:

Bug Reports
Feature Requests
Report Regression
Report a security vulnerability
Contributing​

Check out our contributing guide if you would like to contribute to Playwright.

Community Discord​

Join our community Discord Server to connect with other developers using Playwright, ask questions in our 'help-playwright' forum, share your articles and videos and join live events on the Playwright stage.

Community LinkedIn​

Join our community on LinkedIn to connect with other developers and hear the latest news about Playwright.

Stack Overflow​

Read through the existing questions tagged with playwright or ask your own!

YouTube​

Check out our YouTube channel for getting started series, feature videos and new releases.

Blog​

Follow our Blog on dev.to for official posts on Playwright.

News​

For the latest news about Playwright, follow @playwrightweb on Twitter.

Playwright Training​

Learn how to Build Your first end-to-end test with Playwright on Microsoft Learn.
