# Kubernetes Blog | Kubernetes

**Source**: Kubernetes Blog
**URL**: https://kubernetes.io/blog
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:27:18.553068
**Category**: dev_code

---

Posts in 2025
Introducing Headlamp Plugin for Karpenter - Scaling and Visibility

By René Dudfield (Microsoft), Anirban Singha (independent) | Monday, October 06, 2025 in Blog

Headlamp is an open‑source, extensible Kubernetes SIG UI project designed to let you explore, manage, and debug cluster resources. Karpenter is a Kubernetes Autoscaling SIG node provisioning project that helps clusters scale quickly and efficiently. …

Read more

Announcing Changed Block Tracking API support (alpha)

By Prasad Ghangal (Veeam Kasten) Carl Braganza (Veeam Kasten) | Thursday, September 25, 2025 in Blog

We're excited to announce the alpha support for a changed block tracking mechanism. This enhances the Kubernetes storage ecosystem by providing an efficient way for CSI storage drivers to identify changed blocks in PersistentVolume snapshots. With a …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Pod Level Resources Graduated to Beta

By Dixita Narang (Google) | Monday, September 22, 2025 in Blog

On behalf of the Kubernetes community, I am thrilled to announce that the Pod Level Resources feature has graduated to Beta in the Kubernetes v1.34 release and is enabled by default! This significant milestone introduces a new layer of flexibility …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Recovery From Volume Expansion Failure (GA)

By Hemant Kumar (Red Hat) | Friday, September 19, 2025 in Blog

Have you ever made a typo when expanding your persistent volumes in Kubernetes? Meant to specify 2TB but specified 20TiB? This seemingly innocuous problem was kinda hard to fix - and took the project almost 5 years to fix. Automated recovery from …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: DRA Consumable Capacity

By Sunyanan Choochotkaew (IBM), Lionel Jouin (Ericsson Software Technology) John Belamaric (Google) | Thursday, September 18, 2025 in Blog

Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) is a Kubernetes API for managing scarce resources across Pods and containers. It enables flexible resource requests, going beyond simply allocating N number of devices to support more granular usage scenarios. With …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Pods Report DRA Resource Health

By John-Paul Sassine (Google) | Wednesday, September 17, 2025 in Blog

The rise of AI/ML and other high-performance workloads has made specialized hardware like GPUs, TPUs, and FPGAs a critical component of many Kubernetes clusters. However, as discussed in a previous blog post about navigating failures in Pods with …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Moving Volume Group Snapshots to v1beta2

By Xing Yang (VMware by Broadcom) | Tuesday, September 16, 2025 in Blog

Volume group snapshots were introduced as an Alpha feature with the Kubernetes 1.27 release and moved to Beta in the Kubernetes 1.32 release. The recent release of Kubernetes v1.34 moved that support to a second beta. The support for volume group …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Decoupled Taint Manager Is Now Stable

By Baofa Fan (DaoCloud) | Monday, September 15, 2025 in Blog

This enhancement separates the responsibility of managing node lifecycle and pod eviction into two distinct components. Previously, the node lifecycle controller handled both marking nodes as unhealthy with NoExecute taints and evicting pods from …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Autoconfiguration for Node Cgroup Driver Goes GA

By Peter Hunt (Red Hat), Sergey Kanzhelev (Google) | Friday, September 12, 2025 in Blog

Historically, configuring the correct cgroup driver has been a pain point for users running new Kubernetes clusters. On Linux systems, there are two different cgroup drivers: cgroupfs and systemd. In the past, both the kubelet and CRI implementation …

Read more

Kubernetes v1.34: Mutable CSI Node Allocatable Graduates to Beta

By Eddie Torres (Amazon Web Services) | Thursday, September 11, 2025 in Blog

The functionality for CSI drivers to update information about attachable volume count on the nodes, first introduced as Alpha in Kubernetes v1.33, has graduated to Beta in the Kubernetes v1.34 release! This marks a significant milestone in enhancing …

Read more

««
«
1
2
3
4
5
»
»»
