# Home - AI Now Institute

**Source**: AI Now Institute
**URL**: https://ainowinstitute.org
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:25:28.873928
**Category**: ai_tech

---

Artificial Power: 2025 Landscape Report

Jun 3, 2025

Our latest annual report maps the current state of play with the AI market, interrogates the industry’s key sources of power, and provides an actionable strategy to reclaim public agency over the future of AI.

Read
Featured Work
See All
People’s AI Action Plan Launches to Provide Counter-Weight to Trump’s Industry-Backed AI Plan and EOs
Announcements

Jul 22, 2025

New Work on AI, Energy Infrastructure, and Regulatory Safety
General

May 19, 2025

New Report on the National Security Risks from Weakened AI Safety Frameworks
Announcements
Publications
Research

Apr 21, 2025

Latest Press
See All
How AI safety took a backseat to military money

AI firms are now working with weapons makers and the military. Safety expert Heidy Khlaaf breaks down what that means.

Sep 25, 2025

ASML-Mistral AI: It’s the Geopolitics, Stupid

While subsidies and an EU Chips Act have failed to move the needle, this deal is a blueprint for something better: It plays to Europe’s existing strengths, shows there are alternatives to what AI researcher Leevi Saari calls the “voracious pressures” of US venture capital and strengthens EU suppliers.

Sep 11, 2025

Decision in US vs. Google Gets it Wrong on Generative AI

Gesturing towards the importance of generative AI in the search engine market then dismissing its actual effects is a dangerous precedent. It is true that tech markets are being shaped by generative AI. But in this case the court failed to accurately examine the broader AI market and the effects of consolidated power.

Sep 11, 2025

AI is costing jobs, but not always the way you think

Demand for AI is strong, but there’s no guarantee this gamble will pay off according to Sarah Myers West at the AI Now Institute.

Sep 9, 2025

Announcements
See All
AI Now Co-ED Amba Kak Gives Remarks Before the UN General Assembly on AI Governance

AI Now Institute

Sep 26, 2025

Statement from Kate Brennan, Associate Director at the AI Now Institute on the remedy decision in US v. Google

AI Now Institute

Sep 3, 2025

AI Now Chief AI Scientist Dr. Heidy Khlaaf Included on Time 100 AI 2025 List

AI Now Institute

Aug 28, 2025
