# Blog - Google DeepMind

**Source**: DeepMind Blog
**URL**: https://deepmind.com/blog
**Scraped**: 2025-10-10T06:25:10.717328
**Category**: ai_tech

---

Blog
MODELS
Genie 3: A new frontier for world models
5 AUGUST 2025
Learn more
Category
Reset

MODELS

Introducing the Gemini 2.5 Computer Use model

Available in preview via the API, our Computer Use model is a specialized model built on Gemini 2.5 Pro’s capabilities to power agents that can interact with user interfaces.

8 OCTOBER 2025

RESPONSIBILITY & SAFETY

Introducing CodeMender: an AI agent for code security

CodeMender helps patch critical software vulnerabilities, and rewrites and secures existing code.

6 OCTOBER 2025

MODELS

Gemini Robotics 1.5 brings AI agents into the physical world

New era of physical agents will help robots perceive, plan, think, use tools and act to solve complex tasks.

25 SEPTEMBER 2025

RESPONSIBILITY & SAFETY

Strengthening our Frontier Safety Framework

We’re strengthening the Frontier Safety Framework (FSF) to help identify and mitigate severe risks from advanced AI models.

22 SEPTEMBER 2025

SCIENCE

Discovering new solutions to century-old problems in fluid dynamics

We’re introducing a family of solutions to some of the most complex equations that describe fluid motion.

18 SEPTEMBER 2025

RESEARCH

Gemini achieves gold-level performance at the International Collegiate Programming Contest World Finals

Advanced version of Gemini 2.5 Deep Think achieved gold-medal level at the 2025 ICPC World Finals.

17 SEPTEMBER 2025

MODELS

VaultGemma: The world's most capable differentially private LLM

We introduce VaultGemma, the most capable model trained from scratch with differential privacy.

12 SEPTEMBER 2025

SCIENCE

Using AI to perceive the universe in greater depth

Our novel Deep Loop Shaping method improves control of gravitational wave observatories, helping astronomers better understand the dynamics and formation of the universe.

4 SEPTEMBER 2025

MODELS

Image editing in Gemini just got a major upgrade

Transform images in amazing new ways with updated native image editing in the Gemini app.

26 AUGUST 2025

MODELS

Introducing Gemma 3 270M: The compact model for hyper-efficient AI

Today, we're adding a new, highly specialized tool to the Gemma 3 toolkit: Gemma 3 270M, a compact, 270-million parameter model.

14 AUGUST 2025

SCIENCE

How AI is helping advance the science of bioacoustics to save endangered species

Our new Perch model helps conservationists analyze audio faster to protect endangered species, from Hawaiian honeycreepers to coral reefs.

7 AUGUST 2025

MODELS

Genie 3: A new frontier for world models

Genie 3 can generate dynamic worlds that you can navigate in real time at 24 frames per second, retaining consistency for a few minutes at a resolution of 720p.

5 AUGUST 2025
Page
1
(first page)
Page
2
…
Page
29
(last page)
